PROJECTS.md, before:

<!--
**JayMartMedia/JayMartMedia** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

# Check out My Projects!

<!-- ## [24 Letters](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/24-letters-ng)
![Language: TypeScript](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/TypeScript/3178c6)
![Framework: Angular](https://badgen.net/badge/Framework/Angular/df2e31)

A word tile based game built with Angular. Built due to inspiration from other tile/card/word games. Tech stack chosen so that I could get some hands-on experiance with Angular, and get more comfortable with TypeScript. -->

## [Basic Go HTTP Server](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/basic-webserver-go)
![Language: Go](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/Go/79D4FD)

A simple HTTP api written in Go which allows users to view, add, update, and delete albums from an in-memory store. Built so that I could get some hands-on experiance with Go.

## [Guide Demo](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/GuideDemo)

https://guide-demo-jaymartmedia.vercel.app/ - *Deployed on Vercel and Heroku*

A demo app to list and filter climbing guides. Built to show React and css proficiency.

Frontend

![Language: JavaScript](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/JavaScript/f7df1e)
![Library: React](https://badgen.net/badge/Library/React/61DAFB)

Backend

![Language: JavaScript](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/JavaScript/f7df1e)
![Runtime: Node](https://badgen.net/badge/Runtime/Node/339933)
![Library: GraphQL](https://badgen.net/badge/Library/GraphQL/E10098)

## [Patient Tracker](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/patient-js)

A React and Springboot application which allows users to view, add, edit, and delete a list of patients from a table. Built so that I could get some hands-on experiance with Springboot.

[Frontend](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/patient-js)

![Language: JavaScript](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/JavaScript/f7df1e)
![Library: React](https://badgen.net/badge/Library/React/61DAFB)

[Backend](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/patient-service)

![Language: Java](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/Java/5382a1)
![Framework: Spring](https://badgen.net/badge/Framework/Spring/6DB33F)

Commit message:

Added 24letters and friend finder to projects

PROJECTS.md, after:

<!--
**JayMartMedia/JayMartMedia** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

# Check out My Projects!

## 24 Letters
![Language: TypeScript](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/TypeScript/3178c6)
![Framework: Angular](https://badgen.net/badge/Framework/Angular/df2e31)

https://24letters.jaymartmedia.com/ - *Deployed on Vercel and Heroku*

A word tile based game built with Angular. Built due to inspiration from other tile/card/word games. Tech stack chosen so that I could get some hands-on experiance with Angular, and get more comfortable with TypeScript.

### Friend Finder

![Library: React](https://badgen.net/badge/Library/React/61DAFB)
![Runtime: Node](https://badgen.net/badge/Runtime/Node/339933)
![Language: TypeScript](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/TypeScript/3178c6)

A simple way to locate your friends when meeting up

## [Basic Go HTTP Server](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/basic-webserver-go)
![Language: Go](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/Go/79D4FD)

A simple HTTP api written in Go which allows users to view, add, update, and delete albums from an in-memory store. Built so that I could get some hands-on experiance with Go.

## [Guide Demo](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/GuideDemo)

https://guide-demo-jaymartmedia.vercel.app/ - *Deployed on Vercel and Heroku*

A demo app to list and filter climbing guides. Built to show React and css proficiency.

Frontend

![Language: JavaScript](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/JavaScript/f7df1e)
![Library: React](https://badgen.net/badge/Library/React/61DAFB)

Backend

![Language: JavaScript](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/JavaScript/f7df1e)
![Runtime: Node](https://badgen.net/badge/Runtime/Node/339933)
![Library: GraphQL](https://badgen.net/badge/Library/GraphQL/E10098)

## [Patient Tracker](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/patient-js)

A React and Springboot application which allows users to view, add, edit, and delete a list of patients from a table. Built so that I could get some hands-on experiance with Springboot.

[Frontend](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/patient-js)

![Language: JavaScript](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/JavaScript/f7df1e)
![Library: React](https://badgen.net/badge/Library/React/61DAFB)

[Backend](https://github.com/JayMartMedia/patient-service)

![Language: Java](https://badgen.net/badge/Language/Java/5382a1)
![Framework: Spring](https://badgen.net/badge/Framework/Spring/6DB33F)
